in the forties the fifties when
it was believed that the installation tulip
celebrated valve
on the descent
improves
recall since the valve having
streamlined
if you imagine the bar
usually
also helped m
here is such
streamlined silhouette right to do
we played very well
rounds smoothly to the clans
best job press statement
better than the tourist flow
closer to 70 years
check a series of experiments
scientists abandoned
fate as a prophet and so it was
theoretically experimentally
proved that according to the first
classroom
usually
at the same time
ceiling beam
not having such
remind about which club
Shevchenko Tulip
I already told you about this one of
video titled
wolves and sheep
but most importantly, I decided a little crowd
sharpen attention
and the attention of the authorities is this
in viewing nalchike
empty channel
the diameter of which
34 million
modified issue rub
3 4 meters
this year he
so much
it's always curious what
enterprises
Magadan
diameter of valve cap issues
the question of repayment can be
50 minimum
that is, the right may be more
in particular with families
herself nadya that
as stated earlier
maximum throughput
channel capacity
formed then when
get a different section
sylvan
equals area
around the perimeter
all bedbugs
about the project
in the club and in the valve assembly
falls to a certain height and
area around the perimeter
valve matches
with a total cross sectional area
as well as on the floor
on the fact that he will take ushakov
nothing in the world
on debt on a certain
the distance
and less than in October
distance from
reduction
stonehenge word set case question
concerns precisely
you turn get
relative perimeter
diameter
i.e. bad fields
sort out
more clearly
the court does not accept
to this point
with the distance
Here is the layout
channel 3 4 minutes and with diameter
valve buttons
we take expensive ambulance bedbugs
standards eight
small russia
this is the distance
is 13
five tenths
so this point
put the rod
canceled she found us in the internet
half meter
was used
sometimes the word alliance
completely
he certainly
by experience exactly
one and a half tons year 0 legs Kosarev
Chekhov
here it is
it's all about lifting
it is used to purge when
minimally
besides this in
getting a newspaper 4 millimeter advertising 7
millimeters
you would be put on high
it's 8 tons
pillar 35 thousand ruby ​​composer
roughly speaking
while increasing
its perimeter area will be
failure
got semak inner diameter
but at the same time
here here
nothing should
interfere
if a
tulips check valve for example smog
besides hat
in the message oak tulip
starting from 20 four
that is, it looks like this with this
points
here is such
all this here is the area
she is
because
distance
one bad phone sneaks
because of this
Tulip check valve must be started
to a great height that is put a debut in
basement with a large package to
provide the same filling of what
that way
and its counterpart system
what is here
should theoretically
smoothly
be smooth flow
here it is the smooth flow of the day yes in life
book picket
the fact that the merchant is useful
I specifically did a particular honor
us
recall one paper
that's just great
Bishkek illustrative example shows that
wheels
pretty big part
actual
total square
having done the research back in the beginning
eighties
soviet scientist
the deal was work
she was proven
theoretically experimentally what
t shaped valves filling
better than fighting for truth, given that
valve lift
and the same working conditions
m